infra/README.md, before:

# Infrastructure for free4.chat

## Deploy backend server

### AWS Lightsail

### Cluster

### ~~Fly.io~~

__NOTE__: There are some stumbling blocks that make it difficult to deploy to Fly.io:

- IPV6: Fly.io internal is IPV6 private network, but [ei_connect does not handle IPv6](https://github.com/erlang/otp/issues/5068) which make it hard to start our backend server, because it need use CNode to start [ex_dtls](https://github.com/membraneframework/ex_dtls). Althoght we can sue `NIF` mode to start ex_dtls, but it seems [libcluster](https://github.com/bitwalker/libcluster) still can not connect the node in Fly.io IPV6.
- TURN: WebRTC need TURN server to relay the package behind on the NAT network, and the TURN need open lots of UDP ports, but Fly.io needs our server to listen on [fly-global-services](https://fly.io/docs/app-guides/udp-and-tcp/#udp-must-listen-on-the-same-port-externally-and-internally) which is conflict with the TURN server address.

<details>
  <summary>fly.io config backup</summary>

  ```
fly secrets set SECRET_KEY_BASE=my_secret_value # `mix phx.gen.secret` to generate secret value for production
```

```bash
flyctl deploy --build-arg DASHBOARD_AUTH_USERNAME=admin --build-arg DASHBOARD_AUTH_PASSWORD=xxx
```
</details>

## Deploy frontend server

Commit message:

chore: use github actions to deploy server, WIP

infra/README.md, after:

# Infrastructure for free4.chat

## Deploy backend server

### AWS Lightsail

1. use `./scripts/init-server.sh` to init server.
2. On Lightsail web console -> IPv4 Firewall, add TCP port `49999` and UDP port `50000-65355`.

### GitHub Actions

Set these secrets in `Actions secrets`:

```bash
DOCKER_HUB_USERNAME=
DOCKER_HUB_PASSWORD=
DOCKER_HUB_ACCESS_TOKEN=

DASHBOARD_AUTH_USERNAME=
DASHBOARD_AUTH_PASSWORD=

SECRET_KEY_BASE=
SSH_PRIV_KEY=
SSH_PUB_KEY=

RTC1_HOST=
RTC2_HOST=
```

### Cluster

Use [libcluster](https://github.com/bitwalker/libcluster) to build cluster server, and frontend do the client load balance (random strategy).

### ~~Fly.io~~

__NOTE__: There are some stumbling blocks that make it difficult to deploy to Fly.io:

- IPV6: Fly.io internal is IPV6 private network, but [ei_connect does not handle IPv6](https://github.com/erlang/otp/issues/5068) which make it hard to start our backend server, because it need use CNode to start [ex_dtls](https://github.com/membraneframework/ex_dtls). Althoght we can sue `NIF` mode to start ex_dtls, but it seems [libcluster](https://github.com/bitwalker/libcluster) still can not connect the node in Fly.io IPV6.
- TURN: WebRTC need TURN server to relay the package behind on the NAT network, and the TURN need open lots of UDP ports, but Fly.io needs our server to listen on [fly-global-services](https://fly.io/docs/app-guides/udp-and-tcp/#udp-must-listen-on-the-same-port-externally-and-internally) which is conflict with the TURN server address.

<details>
  <summary>fly.io config backup</summary>

  ```
fly secrets set SECRET_KEY_BASE=my_secret_value # `mix phx.gen.secret` to generate secret value for production
```

```bash
flyctl deploy --build-arg DASHBOARD_AUTH_USERNAME=admin --build-arg DASHBOARD_AUTH_PASSWORD=xxx
```
</details>

## Deploy frontend app

Use [Vercel](vercel.com) to deploy the frontend app.
